Longtai Airways stock is now 20,000
As long as I do it
Bulk goods on the market
Will definitely sell
It's already 30%, dad
Retail investors are selling
Thought my estimate wouldn't last long
about
Will be hooked
It went up, it came back.
Great! Looks like I'm about to have hope.
It has now risen to 10 yuan
Retail investors have already run away
Liu Shao, why don't we cut the meat and sell it?
Not for sale, the castle is 20 yuan
Wait, don't wait.
This is a terrorist incident
They disrupted airlines around the world.
Let's wait.
I'm afraid it's going to become a junk stock
No, this must be a damn successful plan
He will definitely be controlled by us and not prepared
Something's wrong.
Why has it been stuck at 30% for so long?
Could it be that someone is making trouble?
Looks like it's going to be tough